{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Thesis App \'97 App Store Review Guide\
\
**Developer:** JAIDEN DAVID RABATIN  \
**Bundle ID:** com.makeyourthesis.app  \
**Contact:** founder@makeyourthesis.com\
\
---\
\
## What Thesis Is\
\
Thesis is an **investment education and portfolio analysis app**. It does NOT trade stocks, manage money, or provide financial advice. It helps investors understand their portfolios, learn investing frameworks, and research stocks/ETFs.\
\
---\
\
## Core Features\
\
### 1. Portfolio X-Ray\
Upload a linked brokerage account (via Plaid sandbox in TestFlight) or manually enter holdings. The X-Ray shows:\
- Effective sector/stock exposure\
- Overlap flags and concentration risks\
- Gaps in coverage\
\
### 2. Stock Duel\
Compare any two stocks or ETFs side-by-side. See thesis fit, overlap percentage, and what each side is lacking.\
\
### 3. Investor Lenses\
4 model portfolios built by real investment strategists. Each shows targets, allocations, and an **alignment score** vs. the user's own book.\
\
### 4. Event Briefs\
Market events and news briefs tailored to the user's holdings, themes, and watchlist.\
\
### 5. Ask Thesis (AI CFO)\
An AI-powered research assistant. Ask questions about the Fed, rates, sector trends, or specific stocks. Responses include citations and conviction-ranked ideas.\
\
### 6. Education Courses\
Guided courses that teach investing frameworks \'97 from basics to advanced thesis construction. Users progress through lessons and build a personal investment thesis.\
\
---\
\
## Demo / Testing Notes\
\
- **TestFlight users can connect a Plaid sandbox account** to test portfolio features. Use Plaid sandbox credentials: `user_good` / `pass_good`.\
- **Ask Thesis** requires an active backend (deployed at `thesis-server-beta.fly.dev`).\
- **Education content** is available without any account setup \'97 reviewers can explore courses immediately.\
- **No real money is involved.** All portfolio data is for demonstration and education only.\
\
---\
\
## Compliance Notes\
\
- This app does **not** provide financial advice. All content is educational.\
- Market data is sourced from publicly available APIs and displayed for informational purposes.\
- The app does not execute trades or hold user funds.\
- Users must create an account to access portfolio features. No sensitive financial data is stored on-device.\
\
---\
\
## Age Rating Justification\
\
- No gambling, violence, or adult content.\
- Contains user-generated content (Ask Thesis chat) which is AI-moderated for financial topics only.\
- No real-money transactions within the app (subscription via RevenueCat for Pro features).\
\
---\
\
## Test Credentials (if needed)\
\
A demo account can be provided upon request. Contact founder@makeyourthesis.com.\
}